Stricter method definitions for permission methods (#17109)
glpi-project/glpi: CHANGELOG.md

- `showInstantiationForm()` method for Network Port classes are now expected to output HTML for a flex form instead of a table.
- `NetworkName::showFormForNetworkPort()` now outputs HTML for a flex form instead of a table.
- `NetworkPortInstantiation::showSocketField()`, `NetworkPortInstantiation::showMacField()`, `NetworkPortInstantiation::showNetworkCardField` now outputs HTML for a flex form instead of a table.

> - Many methods now have strict type hints for their parameters and return types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `CommonGLPI::can*()` and `CommonDBTM::can*()` methods now have strict type hints for their parameters and return types.
```
